fix: Several minor corrections (#8)
vyperlang/learn: 2/interfaces.md

### Using Interfaces

> Interfaces can be added to contracts either through inline definition or by [importing them from a separate file](https://docs.vyperlang.org/en/stable/interfaces.html?highlight=import#imports-via-import).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interfaces can be added to contracts either through inline definition or by [importing them from a separate file](https://docs.vyperlang.org/en/stable/interfaces.html#declaring-and-using-interfaces).
```
